in this life everything is important to me
a few things
my body is my apartment my car is my
family is my church
my friends my girls and my porn
my body is my apartment my car is my
family my church my friends my girls
my body shape flat car family
church friends girls
screenwriter and director is she yes
for sure she is joseph gordon levitt
she's pretty and she's more than just
beauty oh god what are you already in cod cheese
her
i am dating a girl oh my god so i
name is my name for some reason agreed
I will not say and I will wait you are sweet and not so
you really know what you are
beautiful shabby girl and saw
I love movies I don't watch movies often
beautiful woman beautiful man
they meet and go to meet
sunset everyone understands that this does not happen
love this amount before the movie is cool
but still look like it's all right
baby what are you doing I checked
mail me you did not check this mail
in the fall she caught me when i
watched porn and all yes how can you
it depends on how you can watch your
stupid movies and porn movies are different
zosima things give awards from pillars
also award goes to rent housing to fashion
this is not the stems
I valued little of this life not sure
I want to start a family
look what you did, i look like
old woman but at even grandchildren no important
only take but give is the law
relationship I thought these other maybe it's time
try something new funny
tragedy witty and amazing
life movie
passions don Juan